modified the Introduction and added few more points -- OLM #111 (#135)
operator-framework/olm-docs: content/en/docs/_index.md

### Works similar to package Managers

Operator developers may need to use one or more APIs for the operator installation and OLM helps solve this use case by verifying that all of the required APIs are available for the operator. OLM will attempt to find an operator that owns those missing required APIs and install it. If there are no operator that satisfy the required APIs, then OLM won't install the main operator.

### Operator Groups

The `OperatorGroups` will do the following:

* Defines the set of permissions that OLM may grant to member operators
* Defines the set of namespaces that OLM may grant namespaced permissions in

## Building blocks of OLM

### [ClusterServiceVersion](/docs/concepts/crds/clusterserviceversion)

A `ClusterServiceVersion (CSV)` represents a particular operator version that is running on a cluster. It includes metadata such as name, description, version, repository link, labels, icon, etc.

> 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

Author: removed extra line.

### [CatalogSource](/docs/concepts/crds/catalogsource/)

A `CatalogSource` represents a store of operator bundles and metadata that OLM can query to discover and install operators and their dependencies.

> 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

### [OperatorCondition](/docs/concepts/crds/operatorcondition/)

An `OperatorCondition` is a CustomResourceDefinition that creates a communication between OLM and an operator it manages. Operators may write to the `Status.Conditions` array to modify the OLM operator management.

### [Subscriptions](/docs/concepts/crds/subscription)

> A `Subscription` represents an intention to install an operator. Subscriptions are Custom Resources that relate an operator to a CatalogSource. Subscriptions describe which [channel](/docs/glossary/#channel) of an operator package to subscribe to and whether to perform updates automatically or manually. If set to automatic the Subscription ensures OLM will manage and upgrade the operator to ensure the latest version is always running in the cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A `Subscription` represents an intention to install an operator. Subscriptions are Custom Resources that relate an operator to a CatalogSource. Subscriptions describe which [channel](/docs/glossary/#channel) of an operator package to subscribe to and whether to perform updates automatically or manually. If set to automatic, the Subscription ensures that OLM will manage and upgrade the operator, verifying the latest version is always running in the cluster.
```

Author: Modified the description.

> 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

Author: removed extra line.

### [InstallPlan](/docs/concepts/crds/installplan/)

An `InstallPlan` defines a set of resources to be created in order to install or upgrade to a specific version of an operator.

> 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

Author: removed extra line.

### [OperatorGroup](/docs/concepts/crds/operatorgroup/)

An `OperatorGroup` is an OLM resource that provides rudimentary multitenant configuration to OLM installed operators.

> 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

Author: removed extra line.

### Declarative UI controls
Operators can behave like managed service providers. Their user interface on the command line are APIs. For graphical consoles OLM annotates those APIs with descriptors that drive the creation of rich interfaces and forms for users to interact with the Operator in a natural, cloud-like way. 

> ## How OLM solves the cluster admin and developer needs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## How OLM solves the cluster admin and developer needs
```

Author: Modified according to suggestion.

### Operator Installation and Management

> This packaging mechanism helps to simplify the multiple steps involved in deploying an Operator. OLM fulfills necessary metadata for visualizing them in compatible UIs, including installation instructions and API hints in the form of CRD descriptors. It helps cluster admin, developers to manage the lifecycle of all Operators and their associated services running across their clusters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This packaging mechanism helps to simplify the multiple steps involved in deploying an Operator. OLM fulfills the necessary metadata for visualizing them in compatible UIs, including installation instructions and API hints in the form of CRD descriptors. It helps cluster admins and developers to manage the lifecycle of all Operators and their associated services running across their clusters.
```

Author: Modified according to suggestion.

### Dependency Resolution

> Using OLM eliminates the need for developers and cluster admins to have to worry about managing dependencies when developing one or more operators. OLM offers dependency resolution and upgrades the lifecycle of running operators. This functionality helps operator developers to resolve the problems related to dependency management.

Reviewer: I don't know if there's any resemblance on Operator vs. operator throughout the rest of the docs, but it looks like you had used Operator in previously sections, vs. operator in subsequent ones. I think we should aim towards some more consistency in that regard.

```suggestion
Using OLM eliminates the need for developers and cluster admins to have to worry about managing dependencies when developing one or more Operators. OLM offers dependency resolution and upgrades the lifecycle of running Operator. This functionality helps operator developers to resolve the problems related to dependency management.
```

Author: Modified according to suggestion.

### Works similar to package Managers

> Operator developers may need to use one or more APIs for the operator installation and OLM helps solve this use case by verifying that all of the required APIs are available for the operator. OLM will attempt to find an operator that owns those missing requiredAPIs and install it. If there is no operator satisfying requiredAPIs, then OLM won't install the main operator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Operator developers may need to use one or more APIs for the operator installation and OLM helps solve this use case by verifying that all of the required APIs are available for the operator. OLM will attempt to find and install an operator that owns those missing required APIs. If there are no operators that satisfy the required APIs, then OLM won't install the main operator.
```

Author: Modified according to suggestion.

### Operator Groups

To give cluster admins complete control over the permissions that OLM grants operators, OLM introduced the concept of `OperatorGroups`.

> * Defines the set of permissions that OLM may grant to member operators
> * Defines the set of namespaces that OLM may grant namespaced permissions in.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Defines the set of permissions that OLM may grant to member operators
* Defines the set of namespaces that OLM may grant namespaced permissions in
```

Author: Modified according to suggestion.

## Building blocks of OLM

> ### [ClusterServiceVersion](/docs/concepts/crds/clusterserviceversion)
> A `ClusterServiceVersion (CSV)` represents a particular version a running operator on a cluster. It includes metadata such as name, description, version, repository link, labels, icon, etc. 

Reviewer: Minor nit: it's typically a markdown violation not having a newline between a header and the body.

```suggestion
### [ClusterServiceVersion](/docs/concepts/crds/clusterserviceversion)

A `ClusterServiceVersion (CSV)` represents a particular version a running operator on a cluster. It includes metadata such as name, description, version, repository link, labels, icon, etc. 
```

Reviewer: We may also need to reword: `A `ClusterServiceVersion (CSV)` represents a particular version of a running operator on a cluster. It includes metadata such as name, description, version, repository link, labels, icon, etc.` We may need to flush out this description, but I need to double-check if we already have documentation around these OLM custom resources.

Author: Sure @timflannagan - I will make newline between a header and body not only in above paragraph but also in rest of the newly added content.

Author: Modified according to suggestion. Please let me know about the reword of CSV defination.

> ### [CatalogSource](/docs/concepts/crds/catalogsource/)
> A `CatalogSource` represents a store of operator bundles and metadata that OLM can query to discover and install operators and their dependencies.
> 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### [CatalogSource](/docs/concepts/crds/catalogsource/)

A `CatalogSource` represents a store of operator bundles and metadata that OLM can query to discover and install operators and their dependencies.

```

Author: Modified according to suggestion.

### Declarative UI controls
Operators can behave like managed service providers. Their user interface on the command line are APIs. For graphical consoles OLM annotates those APIs with descriptors that drive the creation of rich interfaces and forms for users to interact with the Operator in a natural, cloud-like way. 

## How OLM solves the cluster admin and developer needs.

### Operator Installation and Management

This packaging mechanism helps to simplify the multiple steps involved in deploying an Operator. OLM fulfills necessary metadata for visualizing them in compatible UIs, including installation instructions and API hints in the form of CRD descriptors. It helps cluster admin, developers to manage the lifecycle of all Operators and their associated services running across their clusters.

### Dependency Resolution

> Using OLM eliminates the need for developers and cluster admins to have to worry about managing dependancies when developing one or more operators. OLM offers dependency resolution and upgrades the lifecycle of running operators. This functionality helps operator developers to resolve the problems related to dependency management.

Reviewer 2: `dependencies`

Author: Corrected the above suggestion.

### Works similar to package Managers

> Operator developers may need to use one or more APIs for the operator installation and OLM helps solve this use case by verifying that all of the required APIs are available for the operator. If they are not available, then OLM will not install the operator.

Reviewer 2: OLM will attempt to find an operator that owns those missing requiredAPIs and install it. If there is no operator satisfying requiredAPIs, then OLM won't install the main operator.

Author: Added the above description.

### Operator Groups

To give cluster admins complete control over the permissions that OLM grants operators, OLM introduced the concept of `OperatorGroups`.

* Defines the set of permissions that OLM may grant to member operators
* Defines the set of namespaces that OLM may grant namespaced permissions in.

## Building blocks of OLM

### [ClusterServiceVersion](/docs/concepts/crds/clusterserviceversion)
A `ClusterServiceVersion (CSV)` represents a particular version a running operator on a cluster. It includes metadata such as name, description, version, repository link, labels, icon, etc. 

### [CatalogSource](/docs/concepts/crds/catalogsource/)

> A `CatalogSource` represents a store of metadata that OLM can query to discover and install operators and their dependencies.

Reviewer 2: `operator bundles and metadata`

Author: Added it with the above catalog source description.

### [OperatorCondition](/docs/concepts/crds/operatorcondition/)

> An `OperatorCondition` is CustomResourceDefinition that creates a communication between OLM and an operator it manages. Operators may write to the `Status.Conditions` array to modify OLM management the operator.

Reviewer 2: `to inform OLM regarding operators' conditions that may change the way OLM manage the lifecycle of the operators.`

Author: Added the above description.

### [Subscriptions](/docs/concepts/crds/subscription)
A `Subscription` represents an intention to install an operator. Subscriptions are Custom Resources that relate an operator to a CatalogSource. Subscriptions describe which [channel](/docs/glossary/#channel) of an operator package to subscribe to and whether to perform updates automatically or manually. If set to automatic, the Subscription ensures OLM will manage and upgrade the operator to ensure the latest version is always running in the cluster.

### [InstallPlan](/docs/concepts/crds/installplan/)

> An `InstallPlan` defines a set of resources to be created in order to install or upgrade to a specific version of a ClusterService defined by a CSV.

Reviewer 2: `a specific version of an operator`

Author: Modified the description.
